Dr. Belis Aladag: So we will be meeting William Haney
Dr. Belis Aladag: He has no cures activity in the last 12 months.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can't hear you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, thank
Dr. Belis Aladag: You
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Hi. Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm Doug, how are you
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I'm good. My name is William at me. Yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: You're good. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, I understand that you want to join our program that you want to get sober. Um, and that you're currently on probation.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yes, ma'am, yes ma'am.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so all so awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Welcome
Dr. Belis Aladag: So tell me a bit about yourself like tell me maybe your history with substances.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Going back like when you were younger, like in your teens where you start. Did you start with pot or with alcohol or like what happened. Can you tell me
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It's always been thought out all in an op that's been my main, main, main problem and my whole life.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then when did you start these guys.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: About programs old
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Very good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And at that point, when you're 12, you know, and in your teens you're using them daily or just once in a while, or like
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Daily that is very, very easy access to him. So it was daily
Dr. Belis Aladag: daily use. Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, all three of them.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Absolutely. I grew up in kind of a dysfunctional household, I guess you'd call it
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So yeah, it was. Yeah, the thing to do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thing to do. Um, tell me a bit about the family, your mom, dad, grandparents anyone would substance issues like alcohol or other
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Both pants, substance abuse, the old man actually passed away when he was 50
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: But yeah, he abused his whole life and Same. Same with my mother. They're both grandparents. I don't really know.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Because they weren't in the picture very much or whatever. So, but my parents, definitely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your parents. Yes. And your father. I'm sorry. He passed away so young.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah happened.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: To him, was it was an overdose and overdose on heroin.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, wow, I'm sorry, and tell me about siblings do you have brothers or sisters
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I have one brother and one sister. I don't really last I heard my brother actually OD on heroin to and was in a coma. The last time I had heard
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: But I haven't spoken with him for years. So it was kind of just like through the grapevine or whatever. So I really, I don't know if he came out of it. I don't know what what happened with him, but
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And my sister to that she's, uh, yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I don't talk to her, either.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Do you think she uses heroin or
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So, absolutely, absolutely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, okay, gosh, okay. So you have all that in the family and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then you, you know, heroin. When did you start using heroin, you're using pills before and then
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Roses been my my basic
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah pills and yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, do you snort them or eat them.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Nor them. Yeah, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And what is your most recent use would you say like in the last couple of weeks.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Gosh, it's been at least at least a month. I'm actually, I'm on parole, probation or whatever, so it's it's a it's a no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tolerance thing, right, you're not
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Happy really know. Yeah, that's the word I was looking for.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like no excuses. We're going to drug test you. You need to be clean.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Absolutely. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's really important. And when did you start the parole or probation.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: About a week ago, two weeks ago, something like that.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And so before then. So you were using in we were in
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: jail or prison. Prison.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you're you're using in there.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: every chance I could
Dr. Belis Aladag: I gotcha. OK, I see. And so you're, you're like okay now I'm out and they're telling me I they're going to test me and I got to be clean. Well,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And if I do a US I will lose my family and I don't want that neither so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh no. Tell me about the family, who are you with
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I have a wife and two children.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay. And how old are the kids.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: My oldest one is 22, I believe, and my daughter is 12
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh wow, okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And it's just diagnosed with epilepsy and she's she actually has like absence and then grand malls or whatever.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And the last thing I want to be as is
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Dying and something bad happened to her as well.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, of course. Okay, and your wife is is supportive
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Very supportive
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay, she's like my main parole officer and I, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm glad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. So you have her
Dr. Belis Aladag: And how long were you in prison, like you just got out a week or two ago. But what, how long were you
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: There for a year I got two years with half so I served a year and got released nine days early off.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Because of the coronavirus
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It's good for something
Dr. Belis Aladag: Something I'm okay and and was this a drug related thing like what happened that you ended up in there, man.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It was definitely drug related I'd made some bad choices due to drugs or whatever. And it was actually a gun charge that they put me in on but it was a family heirloom things. So, but still I shouldn't have had it. You know what I mean. Yeah. And because of that, it was
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Two years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, well we did you have in now, hopefully you can get
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get this addiction out of the way so you can clear your, your record and everything and just move on with your life and you know, honestly, it's a good thing because you have
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know you have a strong incentive to do the right thing and be there for your family. I mean, that's a huge incentive, but with the parole thing it's even more like intense
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yes, ma'am.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's kind of a help if you will. Like, hey man, you don't have options that you don't want to go back
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: There absolutely is. But you would be surprised at how many people
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Still kill us. And then just go to jail for 10 days or whatever, you know. It's insane. I do not want to be that guy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't yeah let's not be that guy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. And then, and then tell me about alcohol because they said you also mentioned that you have an alcohol issue.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Very much so. And that I'm struggling with, just like the opiates. I'm struggling with
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Alcohol was a daily thing too. And, and I'm a blackout drunk. So like I think I'm having a good time. But people around me are not, you know,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you really need to stay away 100%
Absolutely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: In prison. Did you have access to alcohol.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It was like homemade wine or whatever, but yes. Yes, we did.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so, yeah, especially with the opiates. I mean, you know, you've probably heard this before. And you've been
Dr. Belis Aladag: Abusing these substances, your whole life. So I don't know how much this means to you, but I gotta tell you that alcohol, being a sedative and opiates also kind of lowering your respiration.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Together, they can cause overdose to happen a lot faster. You know, so like alcohol and opiates don't mix well people end up with overdose. So, you know, this
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so the same logic kind of applies when we're prescribing medication for the opioid problem. And there's a medication called
Dr. Belis Aladag: buprenorphine or Suboxone is the brand name, and it's a partial opioid, it's not a full opiate but it's still partials technically when you're on the medication, you're not supposed to be drinking. So that's
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Absolutely not. Yes, that's part of the reason that this whole program, kind of, you know, mean because you can't drink, you can't use opiates. You can't use heroin. You can't, you know, it's a blocker. Correct.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yeah.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That's exactly what I need.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so it's not okay. So there is. So to clarify, there is one medication that's a complete blocker called Naltrexone now track sewn is like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, a complete blocker, you would need to be off of the only problem with it is you need to be off of all opioids for at least 10 to 14 days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Full range stuffing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Difficult to get people to get that space before they can take it you take it sooner than the 14 day mark or the 10 day mark it will put you into really bad withdrawal.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So that in the locker medication and that one actually the best form is the injectable once a month injection called
Dr. Belis Aladag: Pivotal will
Dr. Belis Aladag: Be doing that one. We're going to be working on your
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think we should try to do the Suboxone option which is not exactly a blocker. What it is, is it it's stronger on the receptor than heroin or bike it in or any other opioid
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's not as active as them. So when it's on the receptor. It's not giving the high it's giving you some activity. So you don't feel withdrawal, but it's not giving you a high
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like the others, but it's stronger so like if you tried to use while Suboxone is in your system, it would be kind of blocked in a way because it's it's already full with this.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It would be useless.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It will be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Useless. Essentially, I mean you really probably wouldn't feel much so it's not worth doing it in that sense. Yeah. So it gives you that knowing that you're like why why bother. I'm on this medication that's kind of blocking my receptors in a way
Dr. Belis Aladag: But anyway, so. So yeah, so all of that hopefully put together is going to give you motivation to do the right thing.
Absolutely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then, and then we will send you monthly tests. So you're going to be tested. Anyway, I think right with your probation officer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you'll have those tests going on. And then for our system, we do once a month you'll receive something in the mail. Don't open the envelope until you call us through virtual clinic and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: We'll open it. You go to the bathroom, you show them the temperature and everything so they do it online.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you'll have your own tests and you can report to me how those are going, you know, like, hopefully we'll have a good honest conversation, you and I, about
Dr. Belis Aladag: How your recovery is going because I'm not here to judge. I'm here to help you. So it's like if we need to adjust your dose because you're still having cravings. We can do that. You know what I mean.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Very cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you tell me you tell me if you're like not doing well or you're getting close to stop or you're getting tempted, or whatever. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: What else do I want to know before I go on with the medication stuff. I want to know, Have you had any surgeries.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Well, I mean, I have in the past like I cut my wrist. One time punch into a glass window and
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And they
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did it
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah, but nothing. You were like passed out for
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: No, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No real surgery. How about any suicide attempts, or suicide history. Are we are you at risk for that.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: No man, look.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you on any medications right now.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Ibuprofen is what I've been taken for the last couple days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: What's going on. Do you have back pain or
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Something going on up here in my neck or whatever. And it kind of affects my shoulder or whatever little bit. Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: But it's
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It's I'd be profitable.
Dr. Belis Aladag: ibuprofen.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Use that hey, remember to eat food with it because it
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Cannot stomach.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. So use that, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any diagnoses in the past like psychiatric diagnoses or
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, no mental stuff that
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: omegle stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm okay. So then let's get back to the medication and how we're going to start it. So tell me your last use of first of all your last use of alcohol was when you think
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Over, over a month ago easily
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, good. So you're sober from the alcohol over a month. That's great. And the opioid. Tell me about that. The pills or that whatever was the last anything's
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Been about a month as well, since it was about a couple. I was trying to get clean before I got out that
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Oh,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So I didn't mess with nothing for like the last I'm gonna give it a month, month and a half or something like that.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: It out.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Hey, you know what I mean.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I misunderstood. I thought you've been using for for getting out. So, okay, good.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Go wide use the whole time until the last month and then I'd slowed down considerably and and basically stopped.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome. Okay, so you did it yourself mentally preparing for this. Okay. And now, so. So do you feel that you have cravings. Do you think
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: About all I've been thinking about
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And I
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Do not want to fall. I know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We don't want to do that. So I say, so there's two doses that the there's tablets and films and depending on your insurance.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Some insurances for some reason only covered the film. Let me see if I can try to figure out which one, yours is
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so either way it's going to come in a tablet or a film, it's going to be something you melt under your tongue so drink some water before so its moist.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Put this thing under your tongue, whether it's tablet or film. It doesn't matter. It's supposed to dissolve and it gets into your bloodstream. That way if you chew it or swallow it skips your bloodstream. You don't feel anything. So you want to really melt it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Even if it tastes like not so great. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And let me see you are medical so I'm assuming it's going to be the film.
Dr. Belis Aladag: film. The film comes in two
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doses there's the smaller dose, which is the two milligram. And then there's a bigger dose, which is the eight milligram
Dr. Belis Aladag: Since you've been sober for one month maybe longer. I'm wondering if we should start small and see, you know, how it affects you and if it's enough to cover creaminess, because it's in your best interest to get to a level that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: The lowest tolerable because eventually we want to get you off, you know, eventually, if we can you say Hey Doc, I think I feel pretty stable. Now let's slowly get me off this we can get you off, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, it's just why, why, you know. So it's better for you in the long run.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now at the same time, we don't have to be stingy with it if you're not feeling like, hey man, two milligrams
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know. I'm still getting cravings and stuff. We can go up okay did
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That work for me.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I say we start with, let's just start with two milligrams in the morning and then maybe we do it again in the afternoon. So we could do two milligrams twice a day.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That will you see to take it in the morning, you go about your day. You see how cravings are. Does it happen. Are you are you thinking about it, like how many times is it as intense and then you take another one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, maybe early afternoon like 3pm or something, I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And see how that holds you do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Quite clearly,
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That works for me. That sounds good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's a way, it's a starting point and then we can discuss like what you want to do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, um, any questions about the medication.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Know, I kind of read up on it a little bit. As I was filling the paperwork and stuff out and it sounds like something I I need
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: OK, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: The way you framed it
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Good to
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's good. Okay, and no allergies to medications that you know
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Not at all.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And okay and you said you're not on anything besides taking ibuprofen over the counter your CVS on Highway 101
Correct.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. That's a good one for you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so let's do Suboxone to milligram. So there's. So just so you don't get confused Suboxone is the brand name.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it's buprenorphine. That's the substance that we're talking about. That's on the receptor that helps you. It's buprenorphine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now that's the active sessions. There's another dash naloxone in there. So you'll see Suboxone box, but it'll have to drugs listed. It's the buprenorphine that's active than the lock zone.
Dr. Belis Aladag: naloxone it. You may recognize is Narcan naloxone is like a short rapid reversal agent and said it's a blocker and reverser of the of the opiate
Dr. Belis Aladag: Receptors. Right. It's in there. Only if somebody tried to inject it like if somebody took the film's melted them and try to inject it IV then theoretically the locks on would take wouldn't be activated and it's supposed to block you from getting high.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the drug company created it that way to prevent people from abusing it in that sense. If you take it like you should, which is under your tongue and you melted the naloxone doesn't become available in your system. So just bypasses you're just like, it's not even there.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: People get confused and
Dr. Belis Aladag: They think that's the blocker and that's why there's nothing to do with that. That's just all you can always ignore that second agent. Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: I will ignore it and
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yet, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because you'll be like, why is there, too, because it says two dash 0.5 milligrams and so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Your doses two milligrams, don't worry. The point five does account.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK. OK. So I just want to explain that because even doctors get confused about that one there. Like what is that why is it in there. Is it, you know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just pretend us on in their
Dr. Belis Aladag: Home one film.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, twice daily. So we're going to just say twice daily for now and see how you do. Today is Wednesday. So the way we we do things here like to, to follow up and get your next refill and check in with me medically we try to do group visits.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's going to be you and like a bunch of other people that mainly are also on Suboxone some form of it.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: And we will be people in my town or
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Just around the world or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Around the state. So, the State of California because that's where I'm licensed so it's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Throughout the state of California. I will say most of the patients. I've seen so far, coming from up North. Are you in Crescent cities that when I saw
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Right. Yes.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: North North is it get
Dr. Belis Aladag: It as North as against
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Yeah. So there's what I think, quite a few that I've seen from that, I recognize the name so there might be people from your area.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay, cool. And it's almost like a therapeutic type thing, like everybody talks. Okay, cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cool. Really cool. It's actually kind of fun like the last group on Monday. There it was all so there's an all guys group that meets on Mondays at 9am
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you could choose that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mondays at nine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you can make it. We can do that. Otherwise, there's a Thursday or Friday at 4pm
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: At the Monday night, and that's am correct
Dr. Belis Aladag: Monday at 9am
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Mountain time
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: All do. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, it's all dudes, which is kind of cool because you know everybody can kind of talk freely about whatever they want.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And remember, it's like a doctor's visit. So I say, I'll say this, then, too, but like, it's everything that said in the group is kept in the group. Now this is private, you know, because you're going to hear other people's information because
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to check in with you and say, hey, how did that dose go Did it go well should we continue. Yeah, yeah. Okay, great. I'll give you a refill, and then I'll go to the next guy. So you'll hear each other's issues.
Dr. Belis Aladag: medical issues. And then, and then be able to share your experiences because some people have been on Suboxone for a long time, and some people are new. I mean, it's good.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: With me being a new guy be great to hear some, some of the long term.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: There was some good dialogue. Last, last week, so I liked it. I think you'll enjoy it and then and I ran the group last time. But typically, we have a therapist with me. So I'm the doctor doing med stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then she usually takes over and says, Okay, guys, let's talk about something recovery related like how do we deal with stress. Instead of using blah, blah, blah. You know, some topic that's relevant to all of us.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: On this will be fun.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It'll be fun. It's
Dr. Belis Aladag: A consolidated group medication and and recovery themed group on nine to 10am so it's one hour.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nice. Okay, great. So, so what I'll do is I'll give you medication that you can start today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And if we continue on the dose and you like it. You think okay yeah one in the morning one later in the afternoon is is good for you. It should last you until Monday. Actually, I'll give it you enough just for an extra day in case something happens.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I'll see you Monday, and then we'll do more. We'll do a week's worth and stuff like that. That's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cool. Remember that you don't have to take that second dose. If you feel like, Hey, man. One was enough. I think I'm okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Oh, I don't have cravings. I think I'm okay. You don't have to take the second knows I'm just anticipating and might be good, but we'll see.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: We'll see. Very cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you enough for that. So that's that. I'm also going to prescribe Narcan that's the nasal spray
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: No longer. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You can show it to your wife have it in the house, God forbid, I mean. Hopefully nothing like that's going to happen to you. But if you were to overdose on any opioid
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Let's say actually gave me some of that stuff when they released me they gave me a whole
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Can of it and explained it to me too.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good. You know how it is. It's just a safety thing in the state of California. You can also use it on other people's safety without getting, you know, legal punishment, there's a
Dr. Belis Aladag: So like if somebody passes out and you're like, I don't know, maybe it's an opioid thing you can spray it and bring it
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Up, man. I get you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and just try and then call you need to call 911 because it's only
Dr. Belis Aladag: reverses it for a short while, like, half hour and then they can go back in
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow. So, so, yeah. OK. So we already have some you know what it is you don't have to pick it up to purchase it. If you feel like, no, I already have one. So you don't
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like you have to, but the film's you should get and then try them. And then you can start this afternoon, maybe. And then, and then go with tomorrow morning and afternoon, like that.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay. Very nice.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any other, any questions, anything
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Not right off hand. I'm looking forward to the meeting. So that sounds like it's going to be fun for sure.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think it will be good. It'll be a good support and reminder for you. Like what's you know your own goal.
What
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and you're not alone, like other people
Right.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: That's a major help
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, there's actually one of the guys also just got out, he got out of jail, I believe he was there 13 months or something.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Wow. Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm not sure but yeah so so like there's people that are from all walks of life, but you have this one thing in common. And it's a nice thing to see like people just interact
Dr. Belis Aladag: Therapy. So, you know, you're assigned a therapist individual if you want to you can meet with that person and do talk therapy like psycho therapy. You can do it weekly or every other week. Whatever you feel like you need
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Just like this right to do stipend or
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: through us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right heart. Yeah, that's it that's available to you. And you know, I would recommend it, like at least a start and see, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Does this help me like does it help me get rid of stress and, you know, and the person will get to know you on a closer level individually.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you'll do weekly groups with me and a therapist in a group setting.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you can also add individual sessions with a therapist if you wish. And if you do tell virtual clinic so like when we hang up here, you can call virtual clinic and say, hey, the doc says I'm supposed to see a therapist, can I have that setup.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Nice nice nice nice
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's up to you, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's that. I think we're good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm going to order stuff you're gonna call or go to CVS and make sure they have it in stock or if they need to order it, and then I'll see you. Regardless, I'll see you on Monday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: at 9am but check in with virtual clinic at like 838 45
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: They always say going to 1520 minutes early.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. The reason is they have you do a survey about your addiction. Like, how are you doing, you know what, I take some time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To check on then. And then they give you a zoom number that changes every week because groups change right
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: So it won't always be the 666 or 661 whatever it'll change weekly
Dr. Belis Aladag: And changes so so
Dr. Belis Aladag: He goes, go through the virtual one thing that doesn't change this virtual clinic there like the front desk so you go there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: There's an 800 number telephone if for some reason the virtual clinic is it does get busy. I will say I had a few guys be like oh my god I was waiting and waiting and waiting and bumped me off and I had
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so just the earlier you can get on 838 45 it's in your best interest to make it on time to the nine
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: No way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'll see you Monday and I'll send you an email reminding you of everything to
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Very nice. Thank you.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: All right. Thank you. Thank you. Nice.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You take good care. I'm glad you're doing this, I think, I think that's wonderful. Congratulations on getting out and starting a good life.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: Bye Bye bye.
Galaxy S20 Ultra 5G: She really knows what she's talking about today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So today is day one to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Now, we will see La Russa wolf and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Her cures report.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Shows she was given Suboxone eight milligram films twice a day by a physician's assistant Esther Castellanos on to 28
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's her last prescription
Dr. Belis Aladag: HELLO LISA
Larissa Wolf: Hello.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I learned. So, this is Dr. Allah day, how are you
Larissa Wolf: Doing OKay, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good, thanks for being early. I saw that you're on. And I'm like, you know, we'll just start
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Larissa Wolf: You can get signed up earlier sign in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yeah, I was. I think we're supposed to meet at one, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I saw you. So, um, so, so tell me, I understand that you've I have you been on Suboxone now for a bit.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then anyways insurance or something, or what's going
Larissa Wolf: On. Well, I was actually I was in a program in a different county. So when I came back home. The
Larissa Wolf: Doctor, that was describing it to me in San Benito county can't see me anymore because I'm back in Monterey, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I gotcha. Okay, so just changing
Larissa Wolf: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you okay um and have you. I see. So there's a there's a database where we can see like a controlled substance prescriptions. Yeah, I can see you are on the you are on the eight milligram film.
Larissa Wolf: Yeah, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: How do you, how do you take that twice a day or
Larissa Wolf: Yeah, when in the morning and what a dinner.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay, one in the morning, one at dinnertime and. Okay. And do you have enough now or are you running out.
Larissa Wolf: I'm already I'm already out. I haven't had any lights. I started tapered myself down. You just want to day because I didn't want to run out like during the shelter place.
Larissa Wolf: Yeah.
Larissa Wolf: Soon about taking one day and then I won't take it the next, and I'll take it. The next year. I mean, I've been
Dr. Belis Aladag: Stretching it out.
Larissa Wolf: Yeah, just keep making them right you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Where do you
Larissa Wolf: Get me to where I feel kind of anxious and things, you know, it's, you know, I didn't want to run out there but i but i but i haven't had any maybe four days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Four days. Okay, so we'll get you back on and we'll keep you on whatever felt comfortable so it twice a day felt comfortable
Larissa Wolf: Where you
Dr. Belis Aladag: weren't thinking about using you didn't feel anxious, you know, everything seems stable.
Larissa Wolf: That everything was great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's do that then
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, we'll, we'll get you your medication back. Um, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any. Speaking of which, do you have any allergies to men's
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. And are you on any other roads.
Larissa Wolf: No. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to pull up your chart as we're talking. Okay. Lewis.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And. All right, how about nicotine do smoke cigarettes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or Veep
Larissa Wolf: Now, I don't need
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good medications and then if I prescribe it, it's going to go to the CVS pharmacy on sun Miguel Canyon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Alright, cool. So we'll do that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So now let's get to know you, in terms of like your substance use history like back
Larissa Wolf: When I was mad for 40 years and
Larissa Wolf: Then I use heroin and I drained it and and just watch a program. And I did that stuff really me. I started, I wanted to go. So I got cleaned up in January and completed the program and
Larissa Wolf: And it's fun. I can really participate in like a or na right now because everything's, you know, so it's kind of like everything just kind of stopped right in three months into it treatment. I just everything's
Larissa Wolf: So I'm just been sheltered and it's but this box and does help. It makes me where I don't even want like mad 30 drugs at all, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: It works for okay so it's helping you with all three the meth the hair on the alcohol.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, and I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Going to say, okay, yeah, you're absolutely right about the. Yeah. What a crazy disaster to be happening right now. But just so you know any I know an A for sure has zoom groups like this.
Larissa Wolf: Or they go
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, so I could. I think if you just Google it. Just google na.org zoom groups. There's I'm are whatever groups and then it actually lists the different groups at different times of stuff.
Larissa Wolf: If you want to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Check them out and add that to your repertoire.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But our system. Our program is one where you're going to meet with me and a therapist together in a group setting weekly
Dr. Belis Aladag: So we see each other. So you're going to do that group kind of check in. It's a recovery based thing you know, you're going to have that at least that you can add to it with trying to find online meetings to okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so that's awesome. So you had these, you know, Polly substances going on but on January you checked yourself in
Dr. Belis Aladag: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so they did like an induction on Suboxone for you then.
Larissa Wolf: Like yeah I got on the mat treatment. Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome. Okay, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And was that a residential facility at first. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
We residential
Dr. Belis Aladag: Prior to this attempt. Had you had, had you been in residential or any other
Larissa Wolf: Only first time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: First time. Okay. Okay. Congratulations. Awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And when do you, how old were you when you started this stuff like where you
Larissa Wolf: Might probably I was
Larissa Wolf: 17 when I started mad and then error when I started it like
Larissa Wolf: Three years ago.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Three years ago, and you're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you're 35 okay so like 32 and the alcohol. Did you said that earlier.
Larissa Wolf: Am I started that. About eight years ago.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Eight years ago. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it, okay. Mess alcohol than heroin.
Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I'm just glad you're doing this because I mean for your health and your sanity. Right.
Larissa Wolf: It's really important to better for my kids and everybody you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: So tell me. Yeah, tell me about your social history, like, are you married. Were you married like
Larissa Wolf: Single I'm single mom.
Dr. Belis Aladag: single mom, tell me about you. How many children.
Larissa Wolf: I have four kids.
Larissa Wolf: Okay, Tony. I have never lived with me. They I see them. They look around me or dad or
Larissa Wolf: Grandma, as you know,
Larissa Wolf: That's going to happen, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, all
Larissa Wolf: My lifestyle. They're, they're all good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're all good and healthy living with either ads or grandmas. And how old are they
Larissa Wolf: And my daughter, she's 17 and then I have
Larissa Wolf: A 10 year old a seven year old and a four year old and they're always
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh okay one daughter and three boys.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay. Got it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Larissa Wolf: Cool. My boys live with. They have a dad and they live with him. And then my daughter lives with my grandma and my sentence with his dad.
Larissa Wolf: So my two youngest live together though.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I gotcha. Okay, cool. And, and where and use of your home. Are you with your parents bail are wearing
Larissa Wolf: My parents. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you're sheltering in place over there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you said the children are close right like in
Dr. Belis Aladag: Proximity
Larissa Wolf: So yeah, like within a quarter mile by mile and
Larissa Wolf: One of them that makes you know the way that we all live in like a small little
Dr. Belis Aladag: Me out here. Okay, good. So they're all close to you. That's great. Okay, um, any have you had any surgeries in your past.
Larissa Wolf: Know, just my tonsils taken out when I was 15
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay tonsillectomy.
And adenoids
Dr. Belis Aladag: tonsillectomy and adenoidectomy okay together.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, when you're 15
Dr. Belis Aladag: And do you have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Were you ever diagnosed with other medical stuff or mental health slam know
Dr. Belis Aladag: Any, any suicide thoughts or attempts or anything or any risk right now. No.
Larissa Wolf: No good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And just a general review of your whole system like do you get chills or shortness of breath or palpitations of your heart or anything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anything in your mind that feels off.
Larissa Wolf: Nope, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think we covered everything that I need to know family history. Tell me about your parents or grandparents anyone with alcohol or other substance abuse problems or anything.
Larissa Wolf: My dad side of the family, my father, my grandfather was an alcoholic. He died.
Larissa Wolf: And I dad's mom. She was an alcoholic. She's alive. Still though, but she she recovered. YEAH, SHE'S DRINKING MORE. But yeah, but so there's Apple alcoholics. My family, my parents aren't alcoholics just their parents or I guess side of the family. His
Dr. Belis Aladag: Dad dad's parents dad's mom dad's dad. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, got it. Okay. And then do you have siblings like sisters, brothers that have substance issues too.
Larissa Wolf: I have a younger brother, he, he was. He usually use drugs, but he he got married and he didn't even mean
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's great. So he got better. Yeah.
Larissa Wolf: Yeah, he moved away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I think I got got everything. Okay, so all we need to do is get you back on this medication and then get you into a group
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now the truth is, there's a group at 10am can you do 10am on Monday.
Larissa Wolf: Yeah, I'm great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Laura so add you to the 10am. So what you do is you want to
Dr. Belis Aladag: You want to log on to that virtual clinic that you did today that's like our front desk check in. Right, so you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Go there first and you tell them at like 939 45
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you'll
Dr. Belis Aladag: Get I gotta check into the 10am group with Dr. Allah DAG and then they will give you a survey about okay. How's your addiction. How are you creating, you know, a survey about
Dr. Belis Aladag: You fill that out and then they give you a zoom ID. So it'll be like the number you had today. It'll be a dinner every week. It changes because what we changed the room.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you need to do the check in and then get them up with the correct number and then we see you at nine and then they are sorry at 10 and there's there's some other ladies there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They've actually yeah I think they've all kind of been doing this for a couple of weeks. At least now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Probably longer and the. They're very good group. You know, I think they're supportive of each other.
Larissa Wolf: All different levels of recovery anything is that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly, exactly. And so hopefully
Dr. Belis Aladag: You'll like it and it's just a check in. So we do have medical check and I'll be like, Hey Lisa. How's your dose, you're good, like, Do you need anything else, you know, kind of thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then there's a therapist. That's with me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the therapist runs kind of the rest of the group to be like any recovery related topic, you know, whatever we want to talk about, okay, how do we get rid of stress or boredom, or whatever it is that we want to talk about. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so we'll do that. So I'll cover you until Monday and then Monday when you check in and we see each other at 10 will give you more. And we'll do like a weekly thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's that. I'll send you an email as well to remind you
Larissa Wolf: Okay, thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, and then in terms of testing you know we do random like once a month, testing, you'll get something in the mail.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't open the envelope. It's like a big manila envelope. Don't open it until you go to virtual clinic and then you show them hey I'm opening it and then you go, you do the thing you do your testing showing the temperature
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's just something to do, you know, to hold you accountable and it's not punitive at all. It's just if you ever have trouble you're having cravings. You know, I'm here for you. I want to, I want to be able to help and just the dose or whatever we need to do. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay, um, any questions or anything else I can help with
Larissa Wolf: Nope, that's about all. I'm just glad this is this is working. Like, it's cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, it's cool. I'm glad you know that it's accessible and you're like, you know, you can establish care and feel okay like okay, I'm a doctor. I'm going to get my meds and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Sounds good. I'll see you Monday 10 o'clock and take care
Larissa Wolf: Okay, thank you.
Larissa Wolf: Bye bye.